♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Who-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Zuma] "Pups Make a Splash."
[barking]
Rubble on the double!
Whee!
Thanks, Katie.
Okay, Rocky! Your bath's almost ready!
Rocky?
[Rubble barking]
[barking]
[squeals]
[meows]
Hey, hey, hey! It's bath day!
I love a good warm bath.
Hi, Rubble!
This tub's ready for Rocky,
but I can't seem to find him.
[panting]
[giggles]
It's all yours.
Thanks, Katie!
Ah, perfect!
Okay, now Rocky's bath.
Has anybody seen him?
Oh, Rocky!
[meows]
There you are! Come on.
-Now, where did he go?
-[Rocky grunts]
[meows]
[giggles] Rocky!
Hi, Katie. Is my bath ready? Huh.
[giggles]
[phone ringing]
-[beeps]
-Hello, Ryder here!
Oh, hi, Ryder.
Hi, Cap'n Turbot. What's up?
Well, I'm a bit embarrassed to report
my boat is… [chuckles]
…I guess you'd say, uh, stuck.
The Flounder ran aground?
Afraid so, Ryder.
I'm caught on some rocks
and the tide's going out.
If I can't get free,
the Flounder will end up
in the bottom of the bay!
Is it possibly
within your PAW Patrol power to help?
Don't worry, Cap'n Turbot.
No job is too big! No pup is too small!
[beeps]
PAW Patrol to the Lookout!
Ryder's calling!
Aw, I guess I'll have my bath later.
When there's trouble,
Rubble's there on the double!
-[beeps]
-[Ryder] To the Lookout!
[all] Ryder's calling!
Gotta go!
[screeches]
[all barking]
Whoa! Look out!
Whoa! Ugh!
Sorry.
Took that last turn a little too fast.
[upbeat music playing]
[elevator dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir!
-Okay, PAW Patrol. We have an emergency.
-[beeps]
Cap'n Turbot's boat has run aground.
Help, help! Help, help, help!
[Ryder] He's stuck.
If I can't get free,
the Flounder will end up
in the bottom of the bay!
-[gasps]
-We have to help!
-Cap'n Turbot needs us!
-We have to save the Flounder!
-[gasps]
-What's a bay?
We need a plan
to get his boat off the rocks
before the tide goes out.
[beeps]
-Zuma.
-[barks]
I'll need you and your hovercraft
to help me pull the boat off the rocks.
Let's dive in!
Skye, I'll need you
to fly your copter overhead
and find the best way through the rocks.
[barks] Let's take to the sky!
PAW Patrol is on a roll!
[all barking]
[upbeat music playing]
♪ PAW Patrol! ♪
-Whoo! Yeah!
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol! ♪
-[barking]
Yeah! [barks]
Yeah!
[giggling]
-♪ Zuma ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
[barks] Yeah!
-♪ Skye! ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
[tires squeal]
[Ryder] Life jacket deploy!
[beeps]
Ryder! Zuma!
Oh, thanks for coming to the rescue!
What happened, Cap'n Turbot?
Well, I got so excited
watching a wily old walrus
waddle in the waves
that I forgot to watch out for the rocks.
I'm stuck!
Leave it to us, Cap'n!
Zuma and I can get you free.
Just attach these lines.
All set!
Okay, Cap'n!
Skye, how's it look from up there?
[Skye] I don't see any rocks
out toward Seal Island.
Just avoid that big rock straight ahead
and you'll get
the Flounder out no problem.
Got it! Hit it, Zuma!
[engines rev]
The boat's still hung up!
Is there anything heavy
you don't need on board?
The boat will float higher
if it's lighter.
Hmm, no.
Oh, wait! I know!
[clanging]
[grunts] I've been studying
the sleeping and eating habits
of the adult walrus. [chuckles]
Turns out he sleeps and eats an awful lot.
[barks]
[chuckles]
I couldn't agree more!
[barks]
Bye, Wally! Feed ya later!
[chuckles] That should help!
Rev it up, Zuma!
[engines rev]
Yay, the boat's off the rocks!
Oh yeah!
Yeah! [barks]
Woo-hoo-hoo!
Whoa, Cap'n Turbot! You're sinking!
You appear to be correct.
The boat is getting lower in the water.
Help. Help. Help! Help! Help! Help!
Help! Help! I'm sinking! Help!
Calm down, Turbot.
Calm down. It's all right.
Take a deep breath. [inhales and exhales]
I'm good.
The rocks must have
ripped a hole in the hull!
Oh, at this rate,
the Flounder will sink
before I can get to dock!
We have to do something.
That's it!
Rocky will have something
to patch the Flounder!
We need him out here, fast!
[beeps]
It's Ryder! Yes! Saved again. Ha ha!
[meows]
Go ahead, Ryder. What do you need?
Something to patch a big hole
in Cap'n Turbot's boat.
I'm on it! [howls]
[meows]
[Rocky] Nope, that won't work.
Not that either.
Hmm, too small.
Nope, not strong enough.
[gasps] Found it!
Don't lose it, reuse it!
[beeps]
I found some metal
we can use to stop the leak
until Cap'n Turbot gets it back to dock!
Skye's on her way.
She'll fly you out here in no time.
This pup's gotta fly!
Hey! Watch where you're flying!
We're over the world's biggest bathtub
and I'm trying to stay dry!
Let me out of this thing!
Whoa! Oof!
Whoa!
-[Ryder] Careful, Rocky.
-[Zuma] You're gonna get soaked.
Why is everything
trying to get me wet today?
[helicopter whirring]
This patch should be perfect.
Let's get it attached to the boat, Zuma.
Let's dive in!
Abandon ship!
Don't worry, Cap'n.
Ryder and the PAW Patrol
are here to save the day!
And your ship.
[splash]
[imitating trumpet playing "Taps"]
[splashing]
We did it, dude!
We sure did, Zuma!
Go ahead, Ryder!
You got it!
[laughs] It worked! Yeah!
You saved the Flounder!
[chuckles] All right!
Thanks, Ryder and Zuma.
[chuckles] And you too, Skye.
[whimpers]
How 'bout the belly?
[Cap'n Turbot chuckles]
And you too, Rocky!
Without your help, the Flounder
would definitely, no doubt, absolutely
be on the bottom of the bay.
[giggles]
Tickle spot! Tickle spot!
Good job, PAW Patrol.
I think we all deserve
a run out at the Pup Park.
-[all bark]
-Yeah!
-[grunting]
-♪ You're all good pups ♪
-[barks]
-♪ And we saved the day ♪
♪ And now it's time to play
Around Adventure Bay ♪
-[barks] Yeah!
-[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
-[barking]
[grunts]
Figures.
There you go, Rocky.
All yours.
Why me?
[laughs]
[theme music playing]